- **Key achievement:** Navigation points (poi-management)

Participated in the review of the navigation-point and the front-end development. It adds a form to create and edit points based on the originally create POIs and edit POIs. It uses a new form to improve the accuracy of current coordinates and navigation-point, which further improves the overall service of POI.Actively cooperate with the product manager and test partner for some adjustments and suggestions

  

1. Support POI to have multiple lat & lon (Point).One for displaying and the other for navigation. 
2. Help Mex display more accurately on the map.
3. Help Dex to find the corresponding position accurately.
4. It can help geofence draw more accurate coordinates.
5. Adding points to poi, the actual efficiency of poi can be greatly improved.
6. It is expected to improve error localization by about 18%.
7. By wrapping the points component, you can easily use it later.
8. The front-end design scheme was adjusted several times to adapt to the corresponding product scheme and test proposal.

about link: [create points in poi](https://poi.karta.myteksi.net/poi-management/create#navigation-point)  
  
Stakeholders**：**@chenyao.Liu,@bo.lei,@huaiqi.li,@dongmin.wang,@yu.Ji

  

- **Key achievement:** APUP workflow

Participate in APUP review and front-end development. After combining the original project, it is refactored without the prototype diagram and deployed on the new poi-man. It reuses form components of POIv2 and navigation-point form, which significantly improves development efficiency.

  

1. It can be saved as a navigation point
2. APUP helps ops quickly review automatically generated nav points to improve conversion efficiency and accuracy.

link:  [APUP review workflow](https://poi.karta.myteksi.net/workflow/landing-page)

  
Stakeholders：@chenyao.Liu,@bo.lei,@yu.Ji,@siyuan.Li

  

- **Key achievement:** Latitude  review tool

During the development of latitude, a new image component was re-encapsulated. It uses kartaView's image-loading approach to fit all the workflows in the current project. It can greatly improve the loading speed of images.

  

1. Through cooperation with krataView, the loading rate of images has been improved.
    - Reduce the image loading time (About 2s).
    - By wrapping the points component, you can easily use it later.
2. For the subsequent image browsing and review to lay the foundation

  
Stakeholders：@wulong.shan@dongming.wang,@xiangnan.li

  

- **Key achievement:** DFP review tool

Participated in the front-end development of DFP review tool. It reuses the existing POIv2 form component & maps component and uses the new image component, so the development of the DFP tool is very efficient and enriches the advanced experience to distinguish between the image display of the navigation point, the image of the storefront and the image of the catering service point. DFP review pages were built and the Jarvis 2.0 backend API was adopted, a new integration of the FE board with different BE services, but the new integration was executed smoothly due to proper separation and FE modeling.  
  

1. It can help build richer and more accurate POIs, which can lay the foundation for reducing service costs in the future.
2. Improve the overall service experience and efficiency.
3.  We have access to rich data that helps us improve the overall experience.

  

Stakeholders：@dongming.wang,@pengcheng.fa,@jiabin.wang  
  

- **Key achievement:** Ops tool 

1. GeoTools Customer Oncall solved more than 10 Jira ticket issues.
2. The poi search function of POI-MAN is optimized and the search steps are shortened.
    - [https://poi.karta.stg-myteksi.com/](https://poi.karta.stg-myteksi.com/)
3. It is convenient for vendors to use poi, Add control for the vendor in poi-collection.
4. Follow up and react to p0 problem in time during holiday duty.

  
Stakeholders: @wenyue.zhao,@dongming.wang.@zheng.xing.@wulong.shan